So, we just got done learning about different types of block chains,
like public, private, and hybrid.
And we're about to jump into the data model
that kind of underlies any of those block chains.
And I was wondering if you could explain kind of why that's important to understand?
It's super important. When you sit there and think
about the different types of block chains that exist,
we have private, public,
and of course hybrid.
And it was fantastic, we just got done learning those differences.
But, now it's time to explore block chain data model.
We want to understand what that data really is and how we can work with it.
That's going to dictate the type of usage in regards to a block chain type.
Sometimes, data should be exposed on
the private chain that's not accessible to the public.
That's a great use case for having a private block chain.
There's of course, so many more ways to go ahead and experiment with this,
but the very first thing that we know, we need to explore.
So, let's go ahead and start exploring block chain data.
Great thanks Brandy